DevOps BootCamp
===============

DevOps BootCamp is an OSU Open Source Lab program dedicated to teaching core
software development and systems operation skills to interested OSU students and
community members.

For an idea of what lessons are like, check out our YouTube playlist of previous
lessons at http://osl.io/devopsbc.

This Winter we'll be meeting **Thursdays at 6pm in Kelley Engineering 1005**. You can `sign up
for our mailing list
<http://lists.osuosl.org/mailman/listinfo/devops-bootcamp>`_ to get a weekly
agenda and reminder.

.. include:: winter.rst

Donate
------

We appreciate the help!  To donate, go to http://osuosl.org/donate.

Background
----------

The `OSU Open Source Lab <http://osuosl.org/>`_ provides quality hosting for
more than 160 open source projects. Along with delivering over 460 terabytes of
open source data a month, the OSL employs and mentors students to be expert
systems administrators and software developers ready to enter the industry. The
OSL encounters more demand for qualified students than the employees graduating
each year can supply. We'd like to give back to OSU and the wider open source
community by training interested students from all disciplines in the
real-world skills necessary for success as software developers and systems
engineers. To this end, we'll be offering an extracurricular training program
with 2 to 3 sessions per month through the school year, in which current OSL
students and software professionals will teach all topics that are essential for
success. Although hands-on labs will be offered later in the program, no initial
familiarity with software development or Linux will be assumed.

This program is based on the `PSU Braindump <http://braindump.cat.pdx.edu>`_,
where for 21 years they have been turning PSU students into sysadmins who have
rapidly been flowing into the growing number of startups in Portland.

The DevOps BootCamp program will be dynamically shaping itself based on the
feedback we get from  interested students.


Contents:
---------
.. toctree::
    :glob:
    :maxdepth: 1

    getting_started
    schedule
    bootcamp_content
    slides
    daycamp_content
    resources
    whatisdevops
    get_involved
    contributions
    faq
    policies
    vagrant
    archive
    admin_checklist


.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    fall
    winter
    spring
    videos
